

=====|  Stellar Defenders - Q & A  |=====



Q: Why did you make this game? Do you want to make videogames for a living?
A: Not for a living, no...
I'm a Computer Science student with a passion for learning - I love reading math books and computer science books, and my
dream is to get a PhD in Computer Science, and be a researcher in graph theory!!! :3
I've always been pretty bad at the coding part of the career, tho... and just coding in general...
Even if my passion is for research, I should learn to code real world things, too!
So I took up Indie Development as a way to keep on learning... I want to learn Python, C++, Blender, Vulkan... maybe even Unreal Engine!
Who knows... the possiblities are endless :"3

Do keep that in mind, though: most indie devs are people who want to make games, and learn coding for that purpose...
...but I'm completely the opposite! I want to learn coding, and so I'm making games for that purpose!

That being said, I did grow fond of Stellar Defenders the more I worked on it...

...I also enjoy drawing, painting, editing images, editing videos, translating, scanlating... maybe I can even make
a comedy series of black and white mangas set in Stellar Defenders, if you show enough support for the idea! "^-^



Q: Is this a VN?
A: Good question, good question... I initially just chose VN format cuz I wanted to start with something easy - python was quite my field, RenPy is one
of the easiest engines ever, and 2 + 2 is 4.
But I also didn't want to make a +18 or romantic game... so that kinda set the tradeoff: I had to give in to VN cliches to some extent in exchange for
an environment that would make the coding part way easier ":3
Eventually I deciding on making the romantic part in postgame. That would not only make the most sense, but also affect my game the least :3

Q: Why does X region have X name? Where did "Irisium" come from...??
A: This game has a lot of symbolism. Also inspiration from greek and latin...
Regions have a pseudo-latin name. That is to say, they are based off of the latin names of their corresponding colours,
but the resulting words themselves are just made up by me ":3
As for Irisium, well... IRISium... where all colours are born in human retinae... ;3


Q: What is each region inspired in?
A: Aaaah... you got me there ><
I would honestly prefer to leave it to your imagination, but uh...
- Red: I don't know "(o__o)
- Orange: Aymaran region (Modern Chile-Bolivia-Argentina)
- Yellow: Central American's tropical beaches
- Green: green (lol). An african savannah maybe...
- Blue: South Korea
- Purple: I tried to inspire myself in the beautiful, archaic colleges of Cambridge, Oxford, Dublin... the Long Room...
	    	... but that's only for the theme "^^. Canonically, on the other hand... the
			purple region, as well as all of Irisium, should be the real world Naxos :3



Q: Why does X character have X name?
A: Oh, ho-ho... interesting one. I honestly just parted from my base idea of the concepts of each region and character.
Then, I considered a bunch of names until I got to ones that best matched theeir corresponding themes and sounded "the least bad!" ":3

- Phoebe, Cybele, Ariadne, and Rhea all come from greek mythology, if it wasn't already obvious...
	* Something cool about Phoebe is that I intentionally chose it for the benefit of having a protagonist with an unisex name.
I mean, it doesn't [i]need[/i] to have a unisex name, but when it comes to VNs
it might be a good game design idea to "help the player relate to the protagonist". So here we are...

- Hector comes from a joke from a video of an iconic chilean youtuber, "Germán". Something something about a 3-meter-tall surfer with a huge D.
I thought it did kinda match the Central American region and the beach theme, so I gave it a go! "^^

- Amaru is just an Aymaran name - so it matches his region's culture alright :3
	* Chun Min-Min is similar on this note, but with the distinction that it's a fictional name - it's just "based"
off of his region's typical names. I wanted something easy to remember, not a complex name. Surnames make for complex, hard to remember names...
so I thought repeating the surname was a good idea in this regard - Min-Min is easy to remember!!! Hmmm... now that I think of it...
maybe Chun Min was even easier to remember... or just Chun, in that matter.
But then lowly vagrant employees would mock him as "Mr. C", and he is no Cock nor Chicken! (# > .<)

- As for Noon... well... there's nothing hotter than noon, is there! (ha).



Q: Any inspirations for characters?
A: Yup! Even though they're just inspirations, sources of ideas for me, not models to copycat bit by bit!
Now then, this is super embarrassing for me and might come off as really cringe, but ummmm...
- Noon is inspired by Ghost Rider, as interpreted by Nicolas Cage.
- Hector is inspired by Pool Party Braum, from League of Legends.
- Cybele is inspired by Mila, an IRL friend of mine.
- Chun Min-Min is inspired by Rosemarie. They're not that much alike, but they do have some things in common... ":3
- Ariadne is inspired by myself, admittedly. Maybe a bit of my idealized, wannabe version of myself... (>. <)
	...unless I get around to adding the astrology stuff for Ariadne. If I do, then I wouldn't relate to that.
	But I don't have to, it's just a fictional character after all :p

- When it comes to Rhea, I wanted her to fit the cliché archetype of a Femme Fatale.
Some inspirations for this... maybe Veronica from Phantom Rose,
Evelynn from League of Legends, Jenova from Final Fantasy VII, and so on.
The idea was to have an Empress who ruled over the galaxies, stars, planets... something like
a female Freezer from Dragon Ball Z, but with the symbolism of
darkness and void - you know, the black outer space that fills all the universe :)